Best in line computing facility with secured Wi-Fi.
To provide high quality technical and managerial manpower, information and consultancy services to the industry and community to enable the industry and co
PO5 - e. Engineering practices for society, sustainability and environment: Apply appropriate technology in context of society, sustainability, environment and ethical practices.
A Word From Secretory
Gayatri Machale , Akanksha Chodankar , Shreya Patil , Soham Shirke published Review Paper on E-Teacher: An Effective Digital Platform Repository for Teachers at International Journal of Innovative Research in Computer and Communication Engineering in year 2023
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the in seeds of today.
Achieve excellence in Computer Science & Engineering by providing quality education and produce competent technocrats who will meet ever changing industrial and social needs
On behalf of BSH department, I take opportunity to welcome you all to our department. As per our vision our team strive to persistently improve educational environment in our department. We are always engaged in the activities for overall development of our students with various aspects like technical education, self-motivation, ethics and personality.
"Ideal Educational Institute" award for Outstanding Performance in Education
Mrs. Chavan Kavita Chetan
Kolhapur Talent Hunt Exam 2021 for 10th Student
M-1 : Make Students industry ready by imparting necessary technical and professional skills
Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic, Atigre
To facilitate industry-institute interaction to expose students to current industrial practices that will help them to solve industrial challenges.
M-2 : Create awareness among students for societal and environmental concerns
Basic Sci & HumanitiesComputer Science
AICTE 360 Degree Feedback
Developing close collaboration with industry through exchange of personnel and undertaking consultancy projects.
Stimulating variety of co-curricular activities.
Be the first one to know the updates related to the university
Conduct sequential courses and training programs in collaboration with Industry.
Sick Bed Service - Medical Equipments on Deposit basis, Udgaon (Jaysingpur)
Inculcate ethical and professional values
Sanjay Ghodawat IIT & Medical Academy
Confer technical knowledge, in pace with the latest trends in the technology.
Vandemataram Healthy Mother Healthy Baby, Udgaon (Jaysingpur)
If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is. But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be.
Education is making students aware of the infinite potential within and bringing it up so that the result is transformation of personalities.
Vision & Mission -CSE Department
To nurture students as citizens with moral, ethical and social values so as to discharge their obligations towards the industry and the society
Analytical Chemistry, Inorganic Chemistry
MANAGEMENTAbout TrustTrust Board Of DirectorsChairman’s MessageA Word From SecretoryTrustees ThoughtsPrincipals DeskGoverning Body
Sports complex and swimming pool.
PO6 - f. Project Management: Use engineering management principles individually, as a team member or a leader to manage projects and effectively communicate about well-defined engineering activities.
To develop SGP into a world className Institute of learning and research in Engineering and Management with a high standard of academic excellence.
Designed and Developed By: Yash Kalavadiya, Chintan Patel, Rupam Jadhav, Aditya Wakarekar Under guidance of Sagar Chavan(CSE HOD)
Software Testing, Cyber Security
The MSBTE has given Excellent REMARK under its External academic monitoring process (EAMC). The Laboratory of the college from Electrical Department has got BEST LABORATORY AWARD with first rank and prize of Rs. 50,000 throughout Maharashtra. Many students have got remarkable achievements in all the MSBTE Board examinations. Many students of the college have got good placements in national and multi-national companies of well repute. The polytechnic stands for performance par excellence.
Management Development Centre for wide-ranging Industries.
Sanjay Ghodawat Institutes (Faculty of Management), Atigre
The department of Basic Sciences & humanities was established in the year 2012 right from the day of inception of the college. The department includes Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics and Professional communication. Physics is the heart of all engineering branches. It is the study of behavior of real things and natural phenomenon. It provides fundamental understanding of basic principles through theory and practice.Chemistry department aims at unveiling structure and nature of materials in the nature. Mathematics plays a vital role in engineering field developing logical understanding and helping engineers to understand mathematical dimension of engineering. English being lingua franca of the world provides great employment as well as knowledge sharing opportunities to all graduates. This need is fulfilled by Professional Communication through providing ample ground for the students to learn soft skills required.
Faculty Paper Publications / Presentations
Mr. Ghodawat also started a Junior Girls College in 2007, educating over 1700 girls and is now planning to start a Dental and Nursing College, Diploma courses and Pharmacy college.
Mr. Kamble Sachin Janardan
Highly qualified faculty from Industry and Education.
Sou. Sushila Danchand Ghodawat Medical & Technical Institute, Udgaon (Jaysingpur)
Sanjay Ghodawat Junior College
Approved by AICTE, New Delhi: Verification Link AICTE Dashboard
Sagar Chavan(HOD, CSE) published Review Paper on E-Teacher: An Effective Digital Platform Repository for Teachers at International Journal of Innovative Research in Computer and Communication Engineering in year 2023
Against CAP Admission 2024-25(B.Tech. Engineering)
Mrs. Mahadik Shubhangi Balaso
Trust Board Of Directors
Recognised by Govt. of Maharashtra and DTE, Mumbai: Verification Link DTE Search Page
Strong Industry- Institute interaction.
To motivate students towards lifelong learning and helping them to find right career opportunities.
PSO 2: Computer Hardware and Networking : The Computer Engineer will apply knowledge, techniques and professional skills for real time operation and maintenance of computer hardware and networking.
To facilitate students with a state of the art infrastructure learning environment and value based education to encourage innovation and leadership
Student Paper Publications / Presentations
MSBTE Technical Paper Presentation
To establish effective institute-industry interaction
ACADEMICSAcademic CalendarResultSyllabusCommitteesRagging Act 1999Capitation Fee Act 1987Audit ReportsInstitute News Letters
Sagar Chavan(HOD, CSE) published Review Paper on PyFeedback: Flask-Based Student Feedback System for Effective Analysis at International Journal of Innovative Research in Computer and Communication Engineering in year 2023
Program Educational Objectives (PEO)
PO1 - a. Basic and Discipline specific knowledge Apply knowledge of basic mathematics, science and engineering fundamentals and engineering specialization to solve the engineering problems.
M-4 : Inculcate the spirit of lifelong learning among students for career enhancement
Sanjay Ghodawat Institutes (Faculty of Engineering), Atigre
Sou. Sushila Danchand Ghodawat Charitable Trust?s Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic started in the year 2012 with a vision to impart the best technical knowledge and skills to the students across the country. Its aim is to build and provide the team of young technocrats who will be the leading catalysts in the development of society and nation at large. Currently, the Polytechnic runs five different diploma engineering branches such as Civil, Mechanical, Electronics and Telecommunication, Computer Science and Engineering and Electrical Engineering with the total intake of 420 in first year and more than thousand including all years currently.
In the world where it is commonplace to see mediocrity as the order of the day, SGI always stands as the guiding star of brilliance, quality and deliverance beyond expectations. Innovativeness and Creativity are the hallmarks of a genius enterprise and SGI stands to be a stage where these qualities would be nurtured, encouraged and blossomed. Inner re-engineering towards a proactive outlook, courage to convert challenges into opportunities and an unyielding spirit with never-say-die attitude is expected from students, staff and management who are present in the grand precincts of the Institution. The genius is incomplete without the sense of social responsibility and SGI's ultimate goal remains the development of an attitude of gratitude that freely gives back without expectations.
Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic has a remarkable logo with a shield like shape bearing five stars and the symbol of the Sun. The logo has an aura of excellence and richness in its presentation. The shield stands for the defense of great moral force that Nature contains in it. The five stars that are on the top of the logo stand for five great values of commitment, excellence, innovation, dynamism and morality. In the middle the acronym SGP stands for the name of the Institution. The symbol of the Sun portrays the supremacy of the institution in educational field as the sun in our planetary system. The red color expresses the commitment that the institution has towards the society in providing the best education for the betterment of the society. In the logo, the white background suggests the spiritual strength on which the institution stands.
Impart technical knowledge and skills by using modern engineering tools
Quality Policy & objectives
Verify National Board of Accreditation (NBA)
Affiliated to MSBTE, Mumbai
M.Sc. - Physics, Ph.D. (Pursuing)
To impart necessary technical and professional skills among students to make them employable
To strengthen student capabilities and all-round development through continual improvement in curricular and co-curricular initiatives, personal attention and mentoring
AICTE EVC Video Link
Program Specific Outcomes (PSOs)
Motivate students towards lifelong learning and helping them to find right career opportunities
NBA Accreditation Till 2025
ABOUT USAbout Our LogoAbout SG PolytechnicPhilosophy Of SGPVision, Mission, GoalQuality Policy & objectivesAffiliations & CertificationDifferentiatorsAchievementsSocial Responsibilities
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Excellent Grade by MSBTE, Mumbai
Mr. Sanjay Ghodawat, as a responsible citizen, strongly believes in reciprocation to the society. In 1996, he founded a charitable Trust in the name of his mother 'Sou. Sushila Danchand Ghodawat Charitable Trust'.
PO2 - b. Problem analysis Identify and analyze well-defined engineering problems using codified standard methods.
Machine Learning & AI
Staff appraisal for improvement in quality of delivering, student appraisal for continuous improvement.
Providing best of the facilities for studies in engineering, management and research.
Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic has been a great contributor to the development of my personality. I have established my leadership, time management and team skills and have also been able to advance these skills to the whole new augment level. The infrastructure of Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic is one of the finest in the region is what stands out the most. The best thing about this Collage is the cross-culture interaction between students from various parts of the world. The professors here make the university what it is today. With an attitude of being ever ready to help, and not only delivering classroom teachings, but they are also the pillars of the learning gained from this esteemed university and this is a treasure for life.
*30 Glorious Years Of Business Excellence
Extension of Approval (EOA) Letters from Inception of Institute
Guest lectures from Industry professionals.
PO7 - g. Life-long learning: Ability to analyze individual needs and engage in updating in the context of technological changes.
All machines are enabled to work on various platforms like Windows and Linux. The labs have been scientifically designed to provide freedom of movement.CSE department consists of different laboratories listed below.
It is my immense luck and fortune to be the part of Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic where I can grow. The entire faculty and department leaves no stone unturned to shape one's future. My Third years at Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic have been a wonderful experience of learning with prolific exposure to outside. Huge respect, love and devotion for entire faculty members and department. It's their efforts that make me to count myself into better professionals.
Emphasis on International exchange with renowned overseas educational institutions.
Develop commercially viable technologies with social relevance.
Establish a knowledge city that will impart world className education in engineering, management and research.
Design programs exploring emerging frontiers.
Basic Science and Humanities
Led by dynamic and senior academicians.
Sou. Sushila Danchand Ghodawat charitable trusts, Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic Atigre", Kolhapur is established in the year 2012. It is the growing institute imparting technical knowledge and skills to the students and society at large. It is an unaided polytechnic located in Western region of Maharashtra.
To promote student and Faculty professional development for enhanced career growth through Quality support services and Relevance.
PEO-3: Engineer will engage in lifelong learning, career enhancement and adopt changes as per professional and societal needs
The department consists of highly qualified and dedicated faculties. There are thirteen faculties working in this department. This department comprises three spacious, well equipped and sophisticated laboratories. The department focuses on overall development of students including personality development, communication skills, soft skills, etiquettes and manners etc. To develop these skills seminars, group wise debate, group discussion, writing practices are conducted in each semester. In addition to these, Language software is used in professional Communication laboratory to develop language skills of students. The emphasis is given on basic understanding of subject. Through the training programs by industry personnel, the students are made aware of the importance of soft skills in industrial area. The interactive methods like power point presentation, models, cross tables, question answering games, videos of certain topics are used in the lecture hall to increase interest of students. Parental affection and care is provided to all students by faculty members. Considering new entry of students in to the college, counseling sessions are arranged so as to build confidence in them. The department is striving hard to achieve excellence in academics.
Basic Sci & Humanities
Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic is committed to establish high standards to educate, enhance and excel in imparting professional Engineering and Management education, by well qualified and experienced faculty devoted in nurturing students into socially responsible professionals through creative collaboration, innovation and research.
To ensure that the Diploma level Technical Education constantly matches the latest requirements of Technology and industry and includes the all-round personal development of students including social concerns and to become globally competitive, technology led organization.
In the world where it is commonplace to see mediocrity as the order of the day, SGI always stands as the guiding star of brilliance, quality and deliverance beyond expectations.
In 2001, he started a Blood Bank by the name 'Acharya Shree Tulsi Blood Bank' at Udgaon(Jaysingpur) equipped with sophisticated laboratory equipment and has been rated as one of the best three blood banks in India.
HARSHVARDHAN PATIL, PRASAD NASIKKAR, JAID NAYAKAWADI, SAHIL SHETE published on PyFeedback: Flask-Based Student Feedback System for Effective Analysis at International Journal of Innovative Research in Computer and Communication Engineering in year 2023
To produce competent technocrats to meet industrial challenges with societal and environmental concerns
PSO 1: Software Domain : The Computer Engineer will able to provide specific solutions to problems in software domain with use of engineering tools and technology
PEO-1: Engineer will apply knowledge of basic mathematics, science and discipline to design and develop systems in multi-disciplinary environments.
PGDMLT & BSc MLT College, Udgaon (Jaysingpur)
Best Polytechnic in Maharashtra
To be one of the most progressive and innovative Knowledge cities.
Become a leader in providing quality and value based education in the field of Diploma Engineering that will produce competent technocrats to meet industry requirements with societal and environmental concern.
PO3 - c. Design/ development of solutions: Design solutions for well-defined technical problems and assist with the design of systems components or processes to meet specified needs.
PEO-2: Engineer will work as an individual or a team member with effective communication exhibiting ethical values having environmental concern.
Mr. Makandar Gafurso Ashraf
Besides he has contributed to a number of social initiatives including building for blind school in Miraj, operation hall at Siddhivinayak Hospital, Miraj, plastic surgery camps sponsored by Ichalkaranji Rotary Club at Ichalkaranji, Where over 500 surgeries are done every year and setting-up of an eye hospital amongst others.
Acharya Shree Tulsi Blood Bank & Blood Component Center, Udgaon (Jaysingpur)
National Board of Accreditation (NBA)
Application of these knowledge and skills for the common good of the society with an effort to keep India at the forefront of the technological map of the world.
Sanjay Ghodawat International School
M.Sc. , B.Ed. - Maths
State of the art Infrastructure.
Check Us out on..
M-3 : Establish institute-industry interaction
To impart technical knowledge and skills by using modern engineering tools with supportive facilities.
DEPARTMENTSBasic Sci & HumanitiesComputer ScienceCivil EngineeringMechanical EngineeringElectrical EngineeringE & TCLibraryAdministration
Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic stands for performance par excellence. In the world where it is commonplace to see mediocrity as the order of the day, SGI always stands as the guiding star of brilliance, quality and deliverance beyond expectations. Innovativeness and Creativity are the hallmarks of a genius enterprise and SGI stands to be a stage where these qualities would be nurtured, encouraged and blossomed. Inner re-engineering towards a proactive outlook, courage to convert challenges into opportunities and an unyielding spirit with never-say-die attitude is expected from students, staff and management who are present in the grand precincts of the Institution. The genius is incomplete without the sense of social responsibility and SGI's ultimate goal remains the development of an attitude of gratitude that freely gives back without expectations.
To inculcate ethical and professional values among students that will make them socially and environmentally responsible
The Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) program was started in the year 2012. The main focus of the department is to deliver the professionals with strong fundamentals in Computer Science and Engineering domain. The department has well qualified and experienced teaching faculty members with various specializations. The department has maintained a student staff ratio of 15:1, has excellent infrastructure with state of the art equipment and software tools. Department regularly organizes a series of lectures by experts & professional of good repute, helping the students to be aware of the Global Scenario.
School Health Checkup, Atigre
There is one thing that I am sure of and that is - nothing worthwhile can be achieved in solitude.
M.Sc. - Chemistry , Shivaji University Kolhapur , Ph.D. (pursuing)
To motivate students for lifelong learning that will enable them to choose better career opportunities
Capitation Fee Act 1987
Kolhapur Talent Hunt Exam 2021
On behalf of department of Computer Technology, I take opportunity to welcome you all to our department. As per our vision our team strive to persistently improve educational environment in our department. We are always engaged in the activities for overall development of our students with various aspects like technical education, self-motivation, ethics and personality. As the field of Computer is ever-changing, we arrange various additional workshops, seminars and expert lectures for our students and motivate them to pursue advanced graduate studies so that they can cope-up with challenging industrial context.
MSBTE Project Competition 2023
Acharya Shree Mahapradnya Eye Hospital, Udgaon (Jaysingpur)
Computer Academy - Free Computer Education for poor & Handicapped, Udgaon (Jaysingpur)
FACILITIESHostelClass roomsLaboratoriesGymnasiumSwimming PoolAuditoriumConference HallCafeteriaPlaying GroundTennis CourtMore...
PO4 - d. Engineering Tools, Experimentation and Testing: Apply modern engineering tools and appropriate technique to conduct standard tests and measurements.
Establish Engineering and Management Institute with state of the art infrastructure
